Welcome to this new world video
leg that serves and good today I will teach
the enchantment of fortune that sure
many will already know it because good
is one of the most used enchantments
especially at the time of mining and then
well here we have the different
levels are only three good each
this obviously gives you a
greater probability to get
materials especially at the time of
look but we'll see also
it serves for some other things this I'm going
to use this the peak of fortune 3 and
because fortune 3 but the rest
because it really is a little more
difficult to show everyone so I'm going to
teach what he really does and good
here we have diamond him what he usually
give us the diamond with a normal peak is
only one diamond then with
fortune level 1 you could get two
lucky diamonds at level 2 could you
get three diamonds and with this one
fortune 3 you could get up to four
10 diamonds
something pretty
convenience with convenient but
then game
let's try this and then here we go to
apply it came out in a diamond and it came out
another one and there comes out one ok if nothing does not
I was fixing here how much they came out here
they came out three and well yes it's enough
quite effective especially at the time
to look at diamond because then
It is usually very difficult to find
demand with which other materials serves
this also works with coal or with
the quartz with the emeralds with the
Redstone with lapis lazuli with
luminous stone with with watermelons and
well here we see that it is really
that you get many more minerals and
Well, you do not see me, I like it
very much this enchantment because then
gives you then to get more materials
and faster
well here we have gravel because we have
gravel good it turns out that with this
enchantment to level 3 by destroying the
gravel gives us flint in all the serious
that we destroy so we have left very
ok when you're going to make arrows or some
item like a cigarette lighter but only
you need one that other things work
they also work with some crops
It should be noted that for wheat only
It affects the seeds that give you this way
that they do not expect much with the
wheat but if it's served with carrots
potatoes even with the wart of the ned and
Well, let's see what the
Warts are only three but we see how much
gives us here gave us three
ok there he gave us 6 if they fixed ok
we have 9 and there he gave us 3 of no but
well really if it affects more or less
the probability and then here with the
carrots what does not usually give
normally it's from two to four more or
less then when destroying it with one of
these peaks I get 6 for example here
they came out 5
There's only two of them coming out but well this
it can vary a lot then here as
I told them he is always going to give us
one of wheat but they will give us more
seeds if they fix us gives us a lot to
of seeds I got six and then no
they know eating a lot if you want
reproduce more your farm or something and
also with crops you
It agrees a lot to because then
plants - and cultivate more I do not know is something
what pleases me and so good with what other
system would serve also serves a little
with what would be the giant pinks
the mushrooms these coming out
the giant red mushrooms good and then
with I think it only affects that
I do not know if I mentioned that with quartz
it also served but then the quartz to me
I really like to use it with this
because even though there's a lot in
Hell, simply because
constructions require a lot
quartz to do something pretty and
I personally like it very much
good effort if you liked the video
leave your like comment that the
disappeared that they believe that I have been lacking
is nothing and so keep on facebook and in
twitter and until next time and chau
ah
to
like
ah
Y
to
yes